[IMP] Events: Update Booths page (#17004)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/event_booths.rst

Add booths to events
====================

After configuring booth categories, users can then create and add reservable booths to specific
events.

Booths dashboard
----------------

To create and add booths to a specific event, first navigate to its event form and click the
:guilabel:`Booths` smart button at the top to access the :guilabel:`Booths` dashboard.

The dashboard is displayed in a Kanban view, by default, and grouped by two different:
:guilabel:`Available` and :guilabel:`Unavailable`. The booths in the :guilabel:`Available` stage are
still available for exhibitors to reserve. The booths in the :guilabel:`Unavailable` stage have
already been reserved and are no longer available.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Booths` dashboard is also viewable in a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(List)`,
   :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`(Graph)`, or :icon:`oi-view-pivot` :guilabel:`(Pivot)` views for
   users to track insights about booths for a particular event.

In any given view, the search bar provides :guilabel:`Group By` options in addition to the default
:guilabel:`Available` and :guilabel:`Unavailable` filters, allowing users to view and organize their

> booths by specific grouping options. The following are the available options in **Events**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the default
:guilabel:`Available` and :guilabel:`Unavailable` filters, the **Booths** dashboard can be grouped by the following:
```

- :guilabel:`Status`: Group by the availability of the booths. This is the default grouping option.
- :guilabel:`Renter`: Group by the individual renters of the booths.
- :guilabel:`Booth Category`: Group by the booth categories of the booths.
- :guilabel:`Is Paid`: Group by booths that have been paid and reserved.
- :guilabel:`Event`: Group by the associated event of the booths.

See the :doc:`reporting <../../essentials/reporting>` documentation for more information about views
and how to apply filters and grouping options.

To modify an existing booth, click the desired booth from the :guilabel:`Booths` page, and proceed
to make any necessary changes in the booth form.

> Create an event booth

Reviewer: also consider a bulleted list format for the form fields in this section

ways to make it appear.

While on the event page, enter the edit mode by clicking the :guilabel:`Edit` button in the
upper-right corner. Then, click into the :guilabel:`Customize` tab of the resulting sidebar of web
design tools.

In the :guilabel:`Customize` tab, click the toggle switch for :guilabel:`Sub-menu (Specific)`, then
click :guilabel:`Save`. Doing so reveals the event sub-menu with various options (e.g., Talks,
Agenda, Info, etc.).

Alternatively, enter :doc:`Debug mode <../../general/developer_mode>` and open the specific event
form in the **Events** application.

With *Debug mode* on, an array of sub-menu options appears at the top of the event form. Click the
checkbox for :guilabel:`Website Submenu` to display the event sub-menu on the event page.

Next, choose which sub-menu options to include on the event page. In this case, make sure the
:guilabel:`Booth Register` checkbox is selected.

Once the sub-menu is enabled on the event page either through the website editor or through the
debug mode, renters can then view and reserve available booths.

.. _events/booth-reservation/reserving:

> Reserving booths on the website

Reviewer: consider subheadings/subsections or a numbered list for this section in particular. since the reader isn't a renter and we're just showing them what the user flow is like for their customers, ideally we make it easy for them to get a bird's eye view of the steps, i.e. `booth selection > contact details > payment` in the screenshot
